Use HTTP/2 by default (#3506)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: README.rst

Instead, they are listed as optional dependencies.
This allows to avoid unnecessary dependency conflicts for users who don't need the optional features.

> The only required dependency is `httpx ~= 0.23.3 <https://www.python-httpx.org>`_ for
> ``telegram.request.HTTPXRequest``, the default networking backend. `httpx[http2] <https://www.python-httpx.org/http2/>`_ is also
> installed, as it provides greater performance and stability, specially for concurrent requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only required dependency is `httpx[http2] ~= 0.23.3 <https://www.python-httpx.org>`_ for
``telegram.request.HTTPXRequest``, the default networking backend. By default, HTTP2 is used, as it provides greater performance and stability, specially for concurrent requests.
```
